Update REST API password documentation (#458)
redis/docs: content/operate/rs/references/rest-api/objects/user.md

| email | string | User's email (pattern matching only ASCII characters) |
| email_alerts | boolean (default:&nbsp;true) | Activate email alerts for a user |
| name | string | User's name (pattern does not allow non-ASCII and special characters &,\<,>,") |

> | password | string | User's password. If the `password_hash_method` below is set to `1`, the password should be hashed using sha256. The format before hashing is `username:clustername:password`| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| password | string | User's password. If `password_hash_method` is set to `1`, the password should be hashed using SHA-256. The format before hashing is `username:clustername:password`. | 
```
